the old way versus the new way in B2B
[Music]
marketing welcome back to a fresh
episode of Breaking
bb.com I'm your host Sam Dunning and if
you want to join thousands of Legends
enjoying past podcast episodes The Daily
newsletter or to apply to work with us
head over to Breaking B2B . so today sir
Tom Hunt returns to the show Tom CEO
over at Fame we're going to be talking
about what the heck is the old way of
B2B marketing and why is the new way the
way to roll how Tom's used it to grow
his B2B Service Agency and some
practical steps for you to get the new
way flowing so with that Tom welcome
back sir how are we it's great I it
feels so much better being on breaking
B2B versus the old one you like the new
name yeah I like the new name I like the
new
brand excited yeah likewise likewise so
so good to have have you on I know since
you've last come on the show your
company's grown quite significantly over
at Fame I think you're at three million
ARR now is that is that right that's
pretty much it yes awesome dude so
congrats on the growth and excited for
you to share it with myself everyone
tuning in and and some of your secrets
but first and foremost let's get stuck
in as we don't like to mess around what
the heck do you on about when you say
there's an old way of doing B2B
marketing and and there's a new way like
what is that man what's the difference
so I think 10 years ago you think about
it EDS wasn't really a thing and so any
SAS product was kind of
unique but now with ads and all these
other tools and even especially with AI
now as well like I could probably create
a SAS tool in an afternoon and I can't
even code so that's the first Trend
right easier and easier to build a
product second trend is that we have
these ad platforms which again are
getting easier and easier and more
sophisticated to use at the same time we
have these cold email strategies and
platforms and techniques that are
becoming easier and easier and more
sophisticated so what this ultimately
means for any B2B company is that all of
your prospects are being bombarded all
the time they go on LinkedIn they're
being bombarded both on the feed with
ads but then also in the DMS they're
probably getting phone calls
they're probably well or because there's
so many competitors like all trying to
get at them as well right and so this is
why a few strategies that used to work
before these Trends became so prominent
are starting to work
less
so that I think sets the scene does that
make sense any
questions yeah so I get I get the
premise you're you're rolling with
basically it's easier than ever to roll
out whether that's a SAS platform build
your own apps all the no code solutions
that are out there and you're setting
the scene in the sense that it's almost
as easy as ever to contact just Target
decision makers with LinkedIn messaging
Cod email automated sequence and it's a
it's a noisy game in the B2B space I
can't argue with you just
yet and so what I think or what we've
shifted more to and what I think other
people should shift towards
to is
ideally getting the people you're trying
to sell to to know like and trust you
before you show them ad before you send
them the cold outbound campaign or
before you call them up so then the
question is how do you do that I've got
six steps we can run through nice nice
nice we'll dive into that shortly so
what you're saying is that people need
to be familiar with yourself your
company your brand before we do any of
the other stuff any of the Outreach side
of things or try and strike up
conversations is that what we're saying
I'm saying the companies that do
this are GNA
win and it's less about being familiar
with a brand I think that's secondary
first we need to get them familiar with
somebody within your
business
okay and before we dive into into the
strategy what is what's wrong with this
old way like I know plenty of companies
that have grown with the traditional
method of highing sdrs or bdrs and
whether that is outbound calling whether
that's email sequencing whether that's
LinkedIn
DMS whatever it may be plenty of
companies have grown with with cold
outbound or targeted ABM or other forms
of marketing is is that not not a way to
go anymore Tom you know that's working
for anyone right now in February
2024 plenty of businesses I mean I think
I think it still works okay right let's
let's be honest though every every
channel in B2B has its floor so like you
said it's tougher than ever to break
through noise it's perhaps not effective
as it once was because of all these
these no code and and similar
applications so I think doing it in a
way that scales especially on the cold
Outreach front that scales to a sense
the way that I generates enough
qualified appointments is a lot more
difficult um I'll always question things
on this show when people say it's not
the way to go anymore but I'm intrigued
to hear how you're going to do it and I
also wanted to to know your own thoughts
really because obviously you're scaling
your agency to a decent amount of
Revenue so it's always interesting to
know what what Founders like you
yourself are seeing in in the wild as to
say well I know Samy I know you're those
big deals six figure deals from C
calling but not everyone as as Charming
as you so but actually let me dig into
one part because one part of the process
I'm going to outline step two is is
defining a spicy narrative now spicy
narratives are much more powerful if
they are absolute and can spark some
kind of emotion so this is the lesson
here what I'm doing here is really part
of this process I'm trying to be famous
so people get to know me and ultimately
buy our stuffff and my spiky narrative
is this old way versus the New Way thing
so is it is like spiced up to make it
work better because the ti like this
episode this podcast episod might it
more downloads if we're like more
striking so it's kind of a lesson in the
lesson does that make sense I like it
man and I'm of exactly the same mindset
it's good to take a stance right if
you're if you're neutral in marketing
and you're saying yes this sometimes
works and on 50% of the other time it
won't work if you're if you're kind of
placid if you're not too bothered either
way I think people are less less
attracted to yourself if you're looking
at it from a personal perspective or to
your brand from that perspective so I'm
in complete alignment with that so um
let's let's dive into it let's dive into
your your process and flow and let's
let's roll as we move step one we need
to choose the internal influencer this
needs to be a person it doesn't have to
be the CEO they need to have two things
they need to have some kind of knowledge
ideally a lot of knowledge about the
niche and the in the industry and then B
they need to have communication skills
communication skills doesn't have to be
on camera it doesn't have to be on audio
it could be written me for example I
think I'm better much better written
than in any other medium and so as we
get later in the process you'll see that
I focus on writing so when you choose
that
person could be CEO could be head of
sales could be someone in marketing or
customer success but they just have to
be good at communicating and they need
to have ideally a deep level of
knowledge about the the industry and the
niche step
one got it that's that's fairly clear I
mean um from your experience is it
better if you choose IE the founder the
CEO maybe a VP level does it make too
much of a difference I think that
matters less than the two criteria like
if the founder CEO doesn't know about
the industry on Niche that would be
quite concerning um and didn't have the
communication skills then it we would be
better to have somebody else in
marketing or even lower in the in the
fun function to be that person got it
and appreciate for Simplicity we're
probably keeping it just at one but I'm
guessing if you wanted to you could do
multip multiple folks in your
organization it's the same fifth around
trying to make Instagram and YouTube
work at the same time it's hard enough
just to get one thing working for one
person that I would just start with one
I start one person one channel and then
next step good question would it
be new person same channel or same
person new channel I think it depends I
think if would be if B2 be like I think
the big big opportunity is LinkedIn
still and so I would be tempted to be a
new person same channel before
going same person new channel got it
okay so we pick out the subject matter
expert from our org they know the niche
well they're good communicator they're
ready to go what's next sir next up
toine a spicy narrative
we essentially want
something that most people in the niche
of or industry
believe uh or disagree with or don't
believe because this way when you start
spreading this narrative it's going to
be it's going to stand out and it's
going to spread more people will be like
oh my God have you heard about that Tom
guy he's saying that Co calling doesn't
work anymore even though I know I can
close Six Figure deal says Sam so [__]
the narrative it doesn't have to be just
one it could be multiple ideally we just
have one super strong one probably the
best case study for this in my opinion
is what Chris Walker did in the past two
years two three years in the btp
marketing space he Bas said Le genen is
dead move to demand genen he's kind of
moved away from that now but that's like
he just absolutely crushed that he took
his company from nothing to 20 million
in Revenue based on that
narrative um any recos for feel free to
use just your own company as an example
of how to actually pick
a narrative like that that one is spicy
but two can then be linked back to
actually what your company sells oh yeah
so thank you for for picking that out
that's that's the second step in step
two okay you once you have the spicy
narrative it ideally it then educates or
links back to what you're selling so
Fame for example right now the spicy
narrative is odway newa stock called
calling start building up the authority
of somebody in the business start
becoming famous so that's the The
Narrative and then obviously if you
start to Embark upon this process but
you don't want to do the work then it
leaves to fame
so same with Chris Walker Le gen versus
demand genen obviously his firm helped
you doe to demand genen so that that's a
very important Second Step because if
you have a Spacey narrative that doesn't
connect your product or service then
it's probably going to be a wasted
investment because you're potentially
going to get famous but those people
that are starting to know you won't know
or really care about
what your business
does how did you when you picked yours
Tom this might give us some spark some
ideas within everyone tuning in where
was the light bulb moment where you
perhaps brainstorming a bunch of ideas
and then you thought oh this this
actually hits and then you decided that
was the one to roll with it so I've been
thinking about it for a while and the
one that I came up with maybe a year and
a half ago or the tagline was
Interruption of the
enemy because instead of interrupting
your IDE buyers you want them to know
you already and so when they want to buy
your software they come to you and so I
always had that in my mind and how did
that I don't know where that came
from but
then I guess I kind of stole it I
interviewed on my podcast a guy called
Adam Robinson who's the CEO founder of
retention ofcom and he is kind of on the
same his spite n is similar to to my one
here and when I heard him talk about it
I was like okay well old way versus new
way he's just like let packaged it up a
lot better than I did with interruption
so I kind of lifted it from
him uh so I would say to give advice I
think the spicy narrative is probably
already in the head of this person if
they have a deep expertise in the area
but then also speak with other people
that have deep experties and then
ideally might be lift it or get inspired
by
them yeah yeah yeah did did something
similar basically when we rebranded this
podcast from business Grow Show to
Breaking B2B like I've always had in my
headlines for the website well it was
always in my mind for my website and my
LinkedIn headlines like B2B SEO and
websites for Revenue not vanity and
people actually fed back to me that they
liked that so I thought this works but I
wasn't sure about the podcast name or
the brand name as well breaking bb.com
so literally put it as a as a test on
LinkedIn said what do you think out of
these three or four options and that got
the best feedback so I moved with it
really so it's not all that different
but sometimes it just feels right in
your head doesn't it and it links up to
what you do you feel it conveys your
your message well and it takes a stance
which is kind of what you're talking
about that spicy narrative and actually
so point3 helps us with this as well so
step three what we're actually going to
do now is we're going to start posting
organically about this spicy narrative
and so you'll see if if uh reing with
people are people commenting are people
dming you are people agreeing with you
are you getting Impressions engagement
Etc
so we'll just do like 30 seconds on
posting on link like you can break it
down into two areas is like
understanding what the platform what the
algorithm likes and formatting your
information to fit that but then it's
actually what is the information what is
the spicy narrative so that's what we
take from point two and then we can
understand what the algorithm wants and
I'll give some tips here really quickly
a just post regularly like once every
day or once every
weekday um B use the format that is best
suited to your influencer for me it's
text posts maybe with an image maybe for
your influencer it could be a video or
it could be audio probably not audio on
LinkedIn um so it's basically going to
be video or written or infrographic an
image if if you you can create that to a
high standard the easiest to get working
is probably a single text post um
because then the influencer doesn't even
necessarily have to write that someone
else can write it for them in their
voice so once we get that up and running
we should start to see if the spicy
narrative is resonating and then we can
go back to step two to to tweak it if it
isn't got it any um I've seen that your
posts recently Tom have taken quite an
uptick an engagement each morning when I
crack open the app rub the Sleepy dust
out my eyes spend too much time on
LinkedIn usually see your post with h a
lovely picture of yourself or you sing a
beach or piece of cake and it's usually
usually doing well sir like so your
yours seem to have gone right up is that
because you're taking this approach or
is there some certain changes your old
way ver New Way certain changes I've
made in my game
um I think maybe it's just because I've
been doing it for two
years you you really get to know the
algorithm and you know even before you
put something live this is going to pop
off or not so I know that certain topics
will work
well and then I combine that with the
format of post that I know works well at
the moment which is basically text post
single image
and then you basic just have to spend
25% of the time on the hook and then
also on the
outro and then you just make sure the
writing's good put l the line breaks
don't like cut out 25% of the words as
well to make it like super easy to
scam so that's probably oh yeah and then
so that's like almost half of it second
half and we'll get into this as well
here is that I used to I couldn't be
bothered with engaging with other
people's post so selfish um but now I've
realized how powerful that is both for
the algorithm but also for building
relationships with people that you can
work with or learn from Etc so I spend
like a [__] ton of time on LinkedIn
these days and it's almost like LinkedIn
is just like repaying me for all the all
the [__] time I'm spending looking at
at their
application so that in like two minutes
is why I've changed to improve LinkedIn
I don't know if it's
ultimately added benefit to my life
because now I spend literally through
hour the day on it linkedin's one of
those things we talk about for ages
there's so many different takes on what
works how you get engagement if you
should comment on stuff before you post
your post or if you should do it after
you post your post respond to comments
but that could be an episode in itself
and we we'll move on let's keep it
rolling so that's tip three post
organically on the narrative format it
for the algorithm of the channel that
you're posting on make sure you put out
content that suits the influencer like
you said if that's text based image
based video based whatever um and then
start seeing if it resonates spend
decent amount of time on the hook in the
outro make it easy to consume tip four
please for now the growth or the fame
the attention originates on social uh
the that's like the plus side for
getting big on LinkedIn let's focus on
LinkedIn for this the downside is that
you don't actually own it LinkedIn
change the algorithm they start to not
like your post you lose that all and so
what we want to do is transition the the
attention we get here to Owned channels
and so first we have email this
typically the easiest to get people from
social onto email and then the ultimate
goal in my opinion is to get people all
the way down to the podcast it's harder
to grow but when you get people there
you build like the unrivaled bond you're
basically in their ears every week and
that is how you can really get people to
know like and trust you and therefore
can influence them so that's it Go
social email podcast and so once we have
a social rolling and the engagements
going up the metric we like to track is
total impressions in a month then we're
going to look to build out either the
email or the
podcast if our influencer has like a a
preference to the communication medium
maybe they're better interviewers or
they're better on video then maybe we'll
start with the podcast if they're better
writers then maybe we start with the
email and you want to just start flowing
that information off LinkedIn onto your
own
channels got it any best practices on
how to do
so so podcast wise what I
do is two things first is you put the
link below your profile that you can
link out to anything just below your
profile picture you link that to your to
the thing whether it's the email or the
podcast and then what I've done for year
probably a year and a half I think
drives the most downloads to confessions
of BB Mark there is just for every
episode I post like again with
everything we know about making written
content stand out on LinkedIn I have a
text post and then an image of every
episode so once once per week I
basically have all these other posts
that may be getting more attention but
there is a more like middle or bottom of
the finnal post that pushes people down
into podcast because I try to give some
value in the post but then people would
have to go and listen to the podcast in
order to get uh all the information now
if I was doing that for a newsletter I
would just change the link to link to
the newsletter and then what I'd
probably do is I'd write the newsletter
and then I put a shorten version onto
LinkedIn in the format that works for
LinkedIn and then obviously CTA and the
comments would be to go and sign up for
the newsletter so you can get the next
one that has more stuff got it and then
you mentioned tracking
Impressions so what are you doing
exactly there and kind of what's the
flow and what's what's the kind of end
goal with all this yeah I think uh if if
the theory is we just want our Idol
buyers to no like can trust us before
they come before they need to buy our
thing and so really a metric that I'm
trying to push this is a spicy narrative
that I came out with a year ago that
hasn't really gone that well I call it
total tou Impressions I think this is
the ideal metric for B2B marketing these
days just how many Impressions did you
get with somebody who could buy your
stuff uh that that talks about spicy
narrative there's probably no way to
really track this because it comes from
everywhere right but therefore or we can
back into the fact that really what
we're trying to do with all of this
stuff email opens podcast downloads or
Impressions on social is just get more
of those total targeted Impressions so
if that number's going up and we're
talking about spicy narratives in our
content then we know we're go we know
we're heading in the right direction so
social is easy you can just get the
impression data from the the platform
put it in a Google sheet track that over
time the secondary metric there is
followers we also want that going up and
to the
right uh for email newsleter it's new
subscribers and then you should want to
keep track of open rate and then for
podcast is downloads and you want to
keep track of followers and apple
podcast consumption does any B2B company
have to do all of these I set up the
email list or however they're feeding
into that be a lead Magnet or just
straight up subscribe to my newsletter
or likewise do they need the podcast as
well from from the off because I
appreciate every company's going to have
slightly different resource or cash to
spend on companies no I'd start so I
think you definitely need a social
Channel and you need an own channel but
I'd start with a social because if you
start with the OWN channel it's just
going to be hard to get anyone to to
subscribe or to
to follow the podcast or scbe a
newsletter so we start with social once
the impressions are going up then we
bring in the second one and it could be
either email or podcast based on the
skill of the
influencer makes
sense what comes next two more steps
step five simple one compound we just
have to keep doing this check check in
on on an Artis check in on the
formatting to ensure we're creating the
content that works for the social
Channel same for the content with the
email and the podcast is are we a
creating content that people like but B
ensuring that our Spacey narrative is
exposed somewhere in the content and we
just have to do that six months it's
taken me on LinkedIn to really like get
it rolling two years hopefully it'll
take you less um because you know this
stuff um so just compound tweak and
improve step six though this where it
gets a little bit exciting is we can
youve paid spend to amplify or to speed
up the the growth on the top layer on
social so I do a little case study a
week and a half ago I wrote a post which
elaborated this whole old Way New Way
thing post on LinkedIn I've got it here
in front of me got like 160 likes and
maybe 15,000 Impressions which is like
okay like pretty good for
me so I got all that organic reach and
so I know that that narrative is getting
some traction sure so what I do the day
after is I edit the post put a little
CTA in the bottom and I'll read exactly
what it says I like put some dashes to
break it out and if say like the plan
but need help executing we can do all
the work applied to work with us here
Link in the post it doesn't matter now
putting links in the post because we've
got all the organic engagement we also
know that spicy narrative is working so
what we then do is run a LinkedIn
employer ad so we have an ad running
from the our business Facebook page but
it shows it's shows that it's from me
and so I can then Target that ad either
to my email list that I've been cold
emailing in the past or to retarget
traffic on the site or just to new uh
list based on our ICP through Linkedin
targeting I can run that ad with the
social proof to a spicy narrative that I
know that works and so what's special
about this is if we make that ad like if
we can just get one if we spend a
thousand dollars on the ad and we get
one customer that ads paid for and we've
also been able to spend $1,000 getting
my LinkedIn Pro
more Impressions and more followers from
our idal buyers so that can
compound make sense yeah yeah yeah it
does um we had Justin Rowan when that
feature literally just came out I can't
remember how long ago was probably five
six months roughly speaking when they
liter a couple days after they rolled
out that feature what I can't remember
what it's called I think it's thought
leadership ads something like that yeah
yeah I call employee ads but the ACT
name is thought lead ad that yeah
employee ads makes more sense um yeah we
had him on literally like after they
just roll out cuz like Justin need to
talk about it because you're literally
the LinkedIn Guru um so I'm interested
about this because I haven't really done
it but as we've recently launched
breaking bb.com I'd love to like you say
basically what test posts that hit well
on organic they get they get good good
Impressions good likes Etc so you know
that people actually enjoy the content
they like the take they like the
narrative and then use paid to back that
up and distribute that to the folks that
aren't seeing it organically but you
want to get in front of you mentioned
there getting in front of perhaps email
list contacts maybe Target accounts you
can obiously build out um anywh you've
seen it kind of perform especially like
is there a I don't know is there a
Cadence that you're running I.E I'm
taking five to seven of my top
performing posts and I'm putting in
front of this audience and then in
return we're getting this off a x amount
of spend so here the only one I've done
it oh sorry no I've done it more like
branding I tested this a couple months
ago with a post that was just about how
the company's growing and I that's one I
discovered you can get super cheap
Impressions if you
run an ad that already has a shitload of
social
proof but then I don't think that was
ever going to drive business and so
here's the first one where I think
there's a chance that we could get
business from this post and then just
cycle around the Aspen to blow up my
LinkedIn
profile uh in terms of fing it to I've
only I didn't get real good success I
think the email list was rubbish when I
uploaded the email list we've been doing
Cod out about to although I shouldn't
really mention that because that's the
old way you know we don't do old way
stuff anymore um and so that didn't
perform well and so now yeah I just use
LinkedIn targeting to Target our ideal
buyers and I mean the update is we have
a call book The Call's happening on
Monday
and maybe it'll be maybe it'll be good
maybe it won't we'll see I'll I'll upd
everybody there like you say it's it's
one of those things I'd wonder how this
would compare to something like Google
paid search because because I suppose
the be the great angle of this is that
folks are seeing your content but if
you're doing it on several post it's I
suppose the angle is that you you've
already made a post it's perform well
organically then you're like well I know
this is going to go well and paid spend
because it's already perform well and
organic if I map out kind of some of my
key accounts let's say we're targeting
VPS and marketing CMOS at companies with
500 plus employes that have been
recently funded whatever and we start
Distributing that bya paid and we think
either way even if I don't get book
calls immediately I'm reaching out to a
new audience that wouldn't have
otherwise seen my content then they
might follow me on LinkedIn over time
they might start to trust me then they
like might might like my take on the
subject then they might eventually talk
to their peers then they might book a
cool so I suppose even then if you're
going in with that long-term mindset of
kind of building a everything like
you've said around um a specific person
in your company it's almost a no-brainer
if you map
outright exactly
sir cool I need to test it I'm going to
put some cashing it myself and probably
report back in on some episode and we'll
have to share notes at some stage so is
that the six-step process the six-step
process so select internal influencer
Define Spidey spicy narrative post
organically transition to own channels
compound and then amplify with
paid cool man are there anything that
anything to add anything we should
consider when we're doing this process
when we're picking out the internal
influencer when we're putting out their
content
when we're making a narrative um testing
and reiterating what works and then kind
of eventually amplifying with with paid
spend any considerations I think the
crucial steps are going to be selecting
the
influencer right I think the key here is
that they have to want
it if if you're trying to convince
them like you're the marketing manager
you're convincing them that we're going
to do this going to work it might not
work because it's not something that
it's going to like bring in a big deal
month one and so they if if they don't
love the if they don't love the niche if
they don't love
like the content then it's going to be
hard step one step two is iterating on
the spicy narrative I've shared a couple
of spicy narratives here that just
didn't ever catch on it seems like the
old way versus new way one is catching
on I know if I wrote a Linkin post it's
probably going to do okay so it's just
iterating on spicy narrative because
even if you think it's great isn't
necessarily great and you might need to
get the market to validate
that great Point that's that's the same
with with a lot of things right if
someone isn't passionate about either
the topic the niche the industry or the
outcome that it provides for your
clients and customers there's usually no
longevity in it right and that can be
related to pretty much anything in
business sales or marketing if they
don't believe in some aspect of it it
ain't going to work they're not going to
see it
through exactly right Sam Legend Tom
thank you for sharing your wisdom on
round two on the pod much appreciated to
us with that please do tell everyone
tuning in on how they can learn more
about Tom Hunt Fame and the best way to
connect with you LinkedIn Tom Hunt and
then Confessions of a B2B marketer is
the the podcast so you can basically see
how I'm attempting to implement the the
new way and then of course Fame we start
gr podcast BB Brands um yeah that's it
cool man put all of those links in the
show notes below once again thank you
for for coming on always enjoy the
conversation
my pleasure thanks Sam cheers dude we
got to give a big shout out to our
sponsors Revenue hero and
factors. Ai and as always if you want to
check out our daily newsletter past
podcast episodes or reply to work with
us at breaking B2
b.com take a peek and appreciate you all
for tuning in today catch you
[Music]
soon